---
layout: post
title:  "Blog Post 2"
date:   2015-10-11 13:34:20
categories: blog
author: H.G. Wells
image: img/autodesk_cfd.png
---
<p>The growing crowd, he said, was becoming a serious impediment to their excavations, especially the boys.  They wanted a light railing put up, and help to keep the people back.  He told me that a faint stirring was occasionally still audible within the case, but that the workmen had failed to unscrew the top, as it afforded no grip to them. The case appeared to be enormously thick, and it was possible that the faint sounds we heard represented a noisy tumult in the interior.</p>

<p>I was very glad to do as he asked, and so become one of the privileged spectators within the contemplated enclosure.  I failed to find Lord Hilton at his house, but I was told he was expected from London by the six o'clock train from Waterloo; and as it was then about a quarter past five, I went home, had some tea, and walked up to the station to waylay him.</p>

<p>When I returned to the common the sun was setting.  Scattered groups were hurrying from the direction of Woking, and one or two persons were returning.  The crowd about the pit had increased, and stood out black against the lemon yellow of the sky--a couple of hundred people, perhaps.  There were raised voices, and some sort of struggle appeared to be going on about the pit.  Strange imaginings passed through my mind.  As I drew nearer I heard Stent's voice:</p>

<p>"Keep back!  Keep back!"</p>

<p>A boy came running towards me.</p>